docs: apply Snyk writing-style skill to Developer tools pages (#1369)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/snyk-ci-cd-integrations/snyk-images-guides-to-migration/bitbucket-pipelines-migration.md

Users can create their own custom images to use. This option is available for `snyk/snyk-scan` >= v1.0.0 only. For details, see [User-defined custom images for CLI.](../user-defined-custom-images-for-cli.md)

Creating a custom image guarantees compatibility with your system. However, there are alternative images to which you can upgrade if creating a custom image is not possible.

### Upgrade to a supported Snyk Image <a href="#upgrade-to-a-supported-snyk-image" id="upgrade-to-a-supported-snyk-image"></a>

After you have validated that you are using a Snyk Image that Snyk will remove, as outlined [for users of `snyk/snyk-scan` < v1.0.0](bitbucket-pipelines-migration.md#users-using-snyk-snyk-scan-less-than-v1.0.0), refer to the [Snyk Images migration](snyk-images-migration.md) guidelines to view upgrade paths for your configuration.

{% hint style="info" %}
Remember to use pinned versions where available for better stability. For example, `snyk/snyk:dotnet-8.0` is preferable to `snyk/snyk:dotnet`
{% endhint %}

An example follows of upgrading to a supported Snyk Image.

> The following example `bitbucket-pipeline.yml` configuration uses a Snyk image that Snyk will remove on 12 Aug 2024:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example `bitbucket-pipeline.yml` configuration uses a Snyk image that Snyk removed on 12 Aug 2024:
```
